oh yeah came to because you have a big
club can't buy broccoli rabe a dangerous
is going to know basic what is no basic
I can't remember this feeling both for
one or you booked on 0 really i thought
it was a search yeah now let's like a
big scrub great she left on one game of
throw on some sensitive he said we going
oh really oh sweet alright i will just
scrub yeah those are good job market
where you go rusev pokemon it's
important part no I man you just dawn
came over i need to lie still food like
know how to play rare candy and then
like play energy on your guy and then
you just what ya see not simple that's
pokemon people that's how simple pokemon
know basics and sneha space are no
longer nose down when you get high back
on me you gave me hi dad highbrow this
is a summer upper-class pokemon
apparently
I was kinda takes forever and now you
think bought beer is just like falling
asleep this is pokemon Vblock take the
long awesome time the majority of a game
you shop like people so slow and you do
want hit
that's okay young faith on a test basis
first cut the gap to know this is I
could start did you are your one card
yeah oh just gotta draw has one card I'm
just I'm joking okay okay that's liquid
very good hope energy breasts are edgy
smoked right thank you again o Smaug
three really understandable why don't
you doing research
we're both Poindexter rotated that's not
prolly lighter 68 like a monthly year
yeah funny even though I fear
September's babies revolt or I'm just
September's something like gonna be like
eight set out early nice mm-hmm remember
YouTube you saw its first and they did
not contain those car
really really long ago maybe case I pull
the whole lotta nothin number four OMG
g.o may be drowned he began 30 base that
we're gonna swim with it you some babes
per plate although mr. I help if you'd
rather that also fantastic little dog
that was posted match up sir like I see
april fools things like is yeah but a
lot of people forget series ten percent
against like everything oh I think it
have like a twenty percent against like
some electric deck that's for pudding
mixture of your friend yeah go run into
the ground did you even cause i'ma
Crowley okay good girl you could always
just get an energy and then kill me that
would be good a war point really yep
thank you work boy oh yeah good please
return what point the spinning thing
that's game